"Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.” – Rumi

“There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled. There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled. You feel it, don’t you?” ― Rumi

“Reason is powerless in the expression of Love.” ― Rumi

“In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.” ― Rumi

“Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.” – Rumi

“Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love.” ― Rumi

“Close your eyes, fall in love, stay there.” – Rumi

"Why are you knocking at every other door? Go, knock at the door of your own heart.” ― Rumi

“I looked in temples, churches, and mosques. But I found the Divine within my heart.” ― Rumi

Loving me will not be easy, loving me will be war.  You will hold the gun and I will hand you the bullets. So breathe, and embrace the beauty of the massacre that lies ahead.

“Love rests on no foundation. It is an endless ocean, with no beginning or end.” ― Rumi

“Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes. Because for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation.” ― Rumi

“Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere. They’re in each other all along.” ― Rumi

“We are born of love; Love is our mother.” – Rumi

“You have within you more love than you could ever understand.” – Rumi

“Would you become a pilgrim on the road of love? The first condition is that you make yourself humble as dust and ashes.” ― Rumi

“Be certain in the religion of Love there are no believers or unbelievers. Love embraces all.” – Rumi

“You are the soul of the soul of the Universe, and your name is Love.” ― Rumi

“The only lasting beauty is the beauty of the heart.” – Rumi

“A pen went scribbling along. When it tried to write love, it broke.” – Rumi

“You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens.” ― Rumi quotes

“They say there is a doorway from heart to heart, but what is the use of a door when there are no walls?” ― Rumi quotes

“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” ― Rumi

"I love you" - Ezra

The devil doesn't come dressed in a red cape and horns, they come dressed as everything you ever secretly wished for.

Love never hesitates to draw blood. Love has neither friends or children. - Rumi



